README.md, before:

# BC Ferries Python Library

This is the Python client library for interacting with information published to the [BC Ferries mobile site](http://mobile.bcferries.com/). It is essentially a wrapper around a BeautifulSoup scraper.

## Installation

`pip install bcferries`

## Usage

```python
from bcferries import BCFerries

bc = BCFerries()
terminals = bc.terminals()
# {u'Horseshoe Bay': BCFerriesTerminal (Horseshoe Bay), u'Tsawwassen': BCFerriesTerminal (Tsawwassen)}
t = terminals['Tsawwassen']
#BCFerriesTerminal (Tsawwassen)

routes = t.routes()
# {u'Tsawwassen to Duke Point': BCFerriesRoute (Tsawwassen to Duke Point)}
r = routes['Tsawwassen to Duke Point']
# BCFerriesRoute (Tsawwassen to Duke Point)

crossing = r.crossings()['10:45pm']
# BCFerriesCrossing (Tsawwassen to Duke Point at 5:45pm)
crossing.capacity
# BCFerriesCapacity (62% Full)
```

All returned dictionaries have fuzzy string matching on they keys.

```python
routes['Tsawwassen to Duke Point'] == routes['Tsaw to DP']
# True
```


`bcferries` caches the last eight API calls by default. You can change this to any integer you want.

```python
import bcferries.api

bcferries.api.BCFerriesAPI.cache_last = 16
```

You can also pass any function the `ignore_cache` keyword argument to bypass the cache.

Commit message:

Add to_dict, to_fuzzy_dict, and to_json

README.md, after:

# BC Ferries Python Library

This is the Python client library for interacting with information published to the [BC Ferries mobile site](http://mobile.bcferries.com/). It is essentially a wrapper around a BeautifulSoup scraper.

## Installation

`pip install bcferries`

## Usage

```python
from bcferries import BCFerries

bc = BCFerries()
terminals = bc.terminals()
# {u'Horseshoe Bay': BCFerriesTerminal (Horseshoe Bay), u'Tsawwassen': BCFerriesTerminal (Tsawwassen)}
t = terminals['Tsawwassen']
# BCFerriesTerminal (Tsawwassen)

routes = t.routes()
# {u'Tsawwassen to Duke Point': BCFerriesRoute (Tsawwassen to Duke Point)}
r = routes['Tsawwassen to Duke Point']
# BCFerriesRoute (Tsawwassen to Duke Point)

crossing = r.crossings()['10:45pm']
# BCFerriesCrossing (Tsawwassen to Duke Point at 5:45pm)
crossing.capacity
# BCFerriesCapacity (18% Full)
```

All returned dictionaries have fuzzy string matching on they keys.

```python
routes['Tsawwassen to Duke Point'] == routes['Tsaw to DP']
# True
```

`bcferries` caches the last 128 API calls by default. You can change this to any integer you want, or set it to zero to disable caching.

```python
import bcferries.api

bcferries.api.BCFerriesAPI.cache_last = 16
```

You can also pass any function the `ignore_cache` keyword argument to bypass the cache, or call the `flush_cache` method on `BCFerries` to clear the entire cache.

```python
terminals = bc.terminals() # initial call takes multiple seconds
terminals = bc.terminals() # repeated call returns almost instantly
terminals = bc.terminals(ignore_cache=True) # takes multiple seconds to return

bc.flush_cache() # wipes   the cache
```

You can export any subset of information with a call to `to_dict` on any object. You can also use `to_fuzzy_dict` and `to_json` as needed. To export all available information, call any of these methods on a `BCFerries` instance, and be prepared to wait a while.

```python
crossing.capacity
# BCFerriesCapacity (18% Full)
crossing.capacity.to_dict()
# {'passenger_filled': 32, 'mixed_filled': 4, 'name': '18% Full', 'filled': 18}
```
